c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.exe.config
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.exe
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.pdb
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.xml
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home_Utility_Auditing_Program.Form1.resources
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home_Utility_Auditing_Program.Resources.resources
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.exe
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.xml
c:\users\jshay\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Home Utility Auditing Program\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.pdb
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.exe.config
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.exe
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.xml
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.pdb
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.exe
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.pdb
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\bin\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.xml
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home_Utility_Auditing_Program.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home_Utility_Auditing_Program.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jacob\Desktop\UOP\POS_408\Week 2\UOP_Appliance_Calculator\Home Utility Auditing Program\obj\Debug\Home Utility Auditing Program.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
